I think one of the big secrets in the military of being content and being
happy is realistic expectations. I know it sounds very boring, but
if we go into a situation understanding, um, the intent of what it
is, I think it gives us a frame of mind and allows us to really not
to have ah pie in the sky type of dream, but to have a realistic expectation.
And then when things go better than normal, you could be
pleasantly surprised. But understand that you're you're serving your
country, that there's a reason why we all raise our hand and and signed
up to do this voluntarily. And so I think the satisfaction of
that needs to be where we start and set our bar and to understand anything
above that, all the benefits that come with the military, whether
it's pay, whether it's, ah, the G I, Bill or V a loan are all really
just that they're just benefits of something that we really were
going to do anyways.